Hi everyone, I'm the lady who gives
house charm today in the key house news
Let's give tips for small
souvenirs that we can assemble with
small items but which make it
very beautiful image a gift where
It will get cozy and very tasty.
sure we would all like to
To receive a souvenir like this one we have
several items here we can assemble between
they mug
Christmas too
and in these items that we can put
chocolates small souvenirs from
where they will look quite
Cozy and nowhere do we go.
on the bottom of the mug the left paper
well knotted to make volume to
win by getting the chocolate to the
end if one can not put but the bottom
of the mug to make a surface
maximum
we put on the chocolate and next to them
How to pack Let's put a sachet
of your ophone now put a tape
in our present is already set up to
please our friends
sometimes a secret friend we have here
mug then with chocolate one another
mug
Let's put the heart and a
chocolate to give a pretty air
romantic the following that demonstrate
Some friends, the friendship we have
for her and all the tissue work and
mainly in patchwork and gives you a
air of warmth and transmit that
love was good that we want
transmit our friends and tape
red always gives that party touch
especially now end of year
there is no one who does not like to receive a
gift you can give to colleague
I work as a teacher and we have a
another basket where we put a fit
a christmas leaf
Let's also put chocolate for years and
the little heart
beyond the heart you can also place
christmas tree ornaments
This is not so much a dot
or else one can put it so notice
A little grace is very short here.
We have a little table where Daddy is.
Noel, too, we can put a
another chocolate cookie already like that
or ready
here we have the tips for small
Souvenirs you can gift
your friends and we want to enjoy
this program to wish you all
a merry christmas and a prosperous new year
2013 year
God be with each of us who
we can fulfill our dreams in the
next 365 days
A hug to all of you.
gil